HEVC: Added bit depth change support in decoder reconfiguration. (#527)
ROCm/rocDecode: CHANGELOG.md

* VP9 IVF container file parsing support in bitstream reader.
* CTest for VP9 decode on bitstream reader.
* HEVC stream syntax error handling.

> * Bit depth change support for HEVC in decoder reconfiguration.

Reviewer: Is this added reconfiguration support for bit depth changes for the HEVC codec?

If it is, I recommend

```suggestion
* Added decoder reconfiguration support for bit depth changes with the HEVC codec.
```

If that isn't it, let me know.

Also let me know if anything needs to change in the documentation.

Author: It is for bit depth change handling in HEVC stream. We don't say "codec" for rocDecode because codec means encoder + decoder. Will add clarify to the log.
